surely came to lie to me what and when
Brooke means during the tornado when we
were displaced and thankfully north
highland took us in that they had just
come home sick we were for the feeling
that you get when you're in Brook and
for the family that it is here when
Brooke is our place
we grow spiritually it's our place that
we come to worship the Lord and it's
very important to our family of this
place of my oldest daughter has gotten
married the wrong baptized here we seem
to grow closer to the Lord here it's the
place we really enjoyed coming to
fellowship when you mention windbrook it
is my family I've been here for about 10
years now I've seen both in my girl
baptized granted that and I've watched
them just grow and blossom into
beautiful Christian or prepare ladies
when wrote to me is a walking example of
God's grace university there was a
difficult very difficult part of my life
a period of depression and anger and my
children were already part of this of
this ministry here they were very
involved with the youth group and with
the children's ministry
and they were not going to leave this
church when brooke has been a part of
our life it's been the part of my whole
married life 20 years ago Brad dicks
married my life and I at win Whitney
Baptist Church and then shortly
thereafter windbrook come about and we
moved with them and we've been here ever
since brent is baptized by all the Sun
which is now off to college and looking
towards the future when we moved to
Columbus we didn't have any family here
was just my husband and I and when
Brooke became our extended family and
has just continued to grow and be our
extended family
and I really look forward to this trucks
growing and growing in the way the Lord
wants us to grow the thing I think I'm
the most excited about is just just the
excitement that I feel right now and
just I'm just excited about the things
that I think God's he's just going to
continue to bless when we're going to
Mike like we've weathered several storms
so to speak and and sustained through
each of those storms and gotten stronger
i believe all churches go through it i
think it's a test I think it's a God
gonna test you in many different ways
and he's going to see you know whether
you can stick together as a congregation
or not and if you don't have anything to
measure it by so therefore he gives us
the storms i believe to measure our
success is by it's my home away from
home you know and I say home is where
the heart is and that's this is where my
heart is and will always be